All right we'll come back with your students I hope you're having fun.
This is really good.
We're learning something that will make applications super cool.
But anyway on this lecture we're going to start working on the delete functionality and we already did
something with the update.
So this is going to be a breeze right because of the leaf function.
It's super simple to do.
So let's go ahead and start working on that.
All right.
So the only thing that we need to delete from BHB of course is the idea of the record right.
So we already have a function.
I mean processes that BHB here we already have a function ID for that update let's actually copy these
down right.
Copy this comment because is useful to have it
right here and say delete and and a copy of this face to right here and you know a little comment for
the document ready would be nice document ready and tacks right there.
Right so we're going to target that elite class which we already have a peer
right this button right here we have a daily class there right.
Just make sure that you know that.
All right.
So once we tell you that then we want something to happen.
We're going to take in the idea
don't have a yet because
we need waterfalls to get the ID we need to click on this.
The way we did that functionality before is that when we click on it then we extract the ID but we delete
We don't have the ID available right.
So the ID would be available in here and this links so we got extracted from there.
All right.
So right now when we opened up bots Let's go to these cars and look at it.
So we got the ID already in this link right here so we need to extract it from this rail.
All right wouldn't the title link actually let's go back and do it in kinda dissenting
but let's grab this.
We are extracted from that title link
title
title link.
There we go.
Then we don't need to send the title there.
We don't need to send.
We need to send delete this bill so we write one.
We just copy and paste here.
All right.
And let's actually make sure that we're getting something back from the server.
Let's just alert ID.
All right this looks like it could work.
Let's go in-process that BHP and create the wall up here.
So we got this update this.
Let's do the next BHB function already deleting data.
Just copy this whole thing.
We don't have to but
write We don't need that title
and we're going to change equerry we're going to say delete
delete from cars where IDs Id like to
fix them misspelled there.
And I think we're golden here.
All right.
And that's actually
right.
Find out
nothing is deleted.
The data is going sigh.
It's going to be up here.
But now deleting so delete
from cars where ID equals ID.
We've got to see where we did wrong.
And you probably seen mine already and you figured that out.
But from car where Id calls ID
we're sending that into Ajax
right here found symbol.
Make sure you have that hash right here for the ID list does it actually have class.
Be careful on that.
Save this going.
Try that out now.
Refresh click on here and delete Hugo is deleted.
When I we need to remove this from here.
So let's work on that.
And right after we alert that we need to remove.
So I believe that it's call the action container
container and then hide it see if we got it save it come back here Honda deleted.
All right.
So now we got the daily functionality is working beautifully and let's try another one.
Beautiful lead it
or.
Well that's OK.
You can you can switch this around if you want it actually hide it before you you are alert somebody.
It's up to you.
Or if you want to confirm it we can also show the later to confirm if they wanted to delete it.
All right.
I'll show I can show you how to do that.
And make sure lectures but on the next lecture we'll build a little bun here that will close the spots
just in case we don't want to do anything with it.
All right.
So if you want to go ahead and do that right now you can go go ahead and feel free to do it.
Thank you so much for watching and for the support you guys gave me all the time.
I really appreciate it.
That's the reason why I'm making these lectures because people like you and you see you in the next
lecture.